# 1.	Project topic AND description:
This project will take a dataset provided by the National Institutes of Health that contains approximately 110,000 chest x-ray (CXR) images taken with both posterior-to-anterior (PA) and anterior-to-posterior (AP) views as well as the associated findings of each x-ray by a trained radiologist. These findings consist of 15 different potential labels, 14 of which indicate cause for follow-up and 1 label indicating none of the 14 labels could be applied to the individual image. A machine learning model will be trained to analyze and classify similar images to determine the probability of diagnostic findings consistent with the given labels to assist in training new physicians or medical practitioners and to provide quick indications in critical care situations where immediate analysis of a film can mean the difference between life and death.

The proposed client for this project is COMPANY, a fictional medical imaging company that provides on-call radiologic imaging readings for physicians in a variety of settings, ranging from urgent and emergency care to general practitioners in a small office setting. Chest x-rays are relatively inexpensive diagnostic scans compared to CT imaging, and do not require expensive or large machines in order to be performed. As such, COMPANY receives several CXR images on a daily basis for analysis and has had to devote a considerable amount of resources to providing results to their clients within a reasonable time frame. COMPANY is seeking a way to better streamline the process for providing a quick diagnostic finding for these images and lower the amount of human resources devoted to these scans so that they can be better applied to more complex and complicated imaging processes. By creating a machine learning model that can pre-screen x-ray images for the likelihood of a finding, COMPANY can implement a priority queue of scans and better devote time to those that contain diagnostic findings, confirm those without, and focus on images where the model is unable to determine, within a reasonable degree of certainty, that a classification can be made.

# 2. Project purpose/goal:
The goal of the model will be to predict the presence of the aforementioned diagnostic markers in images to within a 90% likelihood of a correct classification. Each input scan will be output with a table of likely classification labels, the certainty to which these labels can be applied, and potentially highlight portions of the image that are indicative of the finding (i.e., by framing potential markers in a square, labelled box superimposed on the original image). The model will also be able to provide a highly accurate binary classification between FINDING and NOT FINDING to the end user, along with the probability that the classification is correct, so that those with a high degree of accuracy towards a FINDING can be further analyzed by both the model itself, and by trained radiologists.

Initial supervised training of the model will be accomplished using the K-Nearest Neighbors (KNN) algorithm to classify each image to the provided diagnostic labels. The model will then be trained with a recurrent neural network to provide predictions and classification labelling on new input. The hyper-parameters of each model will be tuned and collected to provide additional classification information to the end user. This model will then be deployed as a web service API that will allow the user to upload a chest x-ray image and return the probabilities of each label classification.
